Hacking Gnome Games 
-------------------

For details about compiling the latest CVS version of gnome-games, see:

http://live.gnome.org/GnomeGames/Contributing

People without access to GNOME CVS should post any patches (for both
bug fixes and enhancements) to GNOME Bugzilla at:

http://bugzilla.gnome.org/

Suggestions for features can either be posted to games-list@gnome.org
or added as a bug-report in bugzilla. It is more likely to be
discussed if you submit it to the mailing list, it is also more likely
to be forgotten.

If you are looking for any mini-projects then there are a number that
can probably be done in gnome-games. Send an email to the mailing list
at games-list@gnome.org for some up-to-date suggestions if you
are interested.

Those people with CVS access should feel free to commit bug fixes,
minor changes and of course translations. If you have any major
changes then it would be preferable to at least post a warning on the
mailing list. Keep in mind both the size of the package and impending
release dates.

Do NOT add new graphics or new games without consultation. The package
is big enough as it stands.

Coding Style
-----------
We encourage you to follow the GNU coding style throughout the 
gnome-games source code.

The coding style is defined as follows:

    * There's a single space between the function name and the opening
      paren.

    * Function names are lowercase, words separated by underscores.

    * Macros and enums are all uppercase, words seperated by
      underscores.

    * Types are all words capitalized, no separators between words.

    * All functions in header files need to be prototyped.

    * Indentation rules are GNU coding style, in particular:
        - 2 characters indentation level
        - Do not use tabs (of course your editor can accept the TAB key
          as a command, typically to indent the current line properly
          or to add spaces at the cursor until the next multiple of 8
          columns, but it should not put TAB characters in the file).
        - When editing files that still have TABs in them, make sure your
          editor interprets the TABs correctly, that is, has tab stops
          at 8 column intervals.
        - Opening braces are on a new line and indented one level.
        - Function header have the return type on one line, the name
          starting in the first column of the following line. All
          parameters are prototyped and there's a new line for each.


 - The Gnome Games Maintainers
